---
layout: post
title: 'New Ministry Ideas Taking Root'
description:
date: 2026-05-31
author: christy
image: '/images/2026-05-31-new-ideas.jpg'
tags: [care]
featured: false
toc: false
---

One of the beautiful things about church life is that ministry continues to grow as people notice needs, share ideas, and step forward with hearts to serve. Over the past several months, people in our church family have shared thoughtful ideas for meaningful ways to care for and connect with others through our Care Ministry. We are grateful to see these ideas beginning to take root.

You'll see opportunities designed to encourage friendship, support, and meaningful connection across generations and seasons of life, some beginning this month and others continuing to take shape.

Here are a few ministries beginning to grow:

## Mother/Daughter Movie Night

See Mary Beth's article under Church Life for more information.

## **Caregivers Coffee Klatch**

-A time for conversation, crafting, compassion, and coffee (or tea)-

_"Give me, O Lord, the quietness of heart that makes the_

_most of labor and rest...keeping me ever in the restful_

_presence of your love."_

W. Lewis of Milan

(Excerpted from The Worshiping Church, Hope Publishing, 1990, p.554)

The Bible offers MANY examples of caregiving, not the least of which is the dear Lord Jesus himself, who laid down his life in the service of others. Caregiving demands the same acts of compassion, mercy, love, and dying to self daily as each caregiver serves a loved one.

Unlike traditional support groups, this new ministry seeks to provide gentle support to caregivers in an unstructured, faith-based social setting. All caregivers are invited to attend, whether church or community members, for an hour of rest and fellowship.

****The group will meet the first and third Monday of each month, beginning June 1, from 10:30-11:30 in the small fellowship room. ****

Interested? Questions? Have a caregiver in mind you'd like to share this with? Contact Kory at  [korymassey3@gmail.com](mailto:korymassey3@gmail.com)

**_Flyers with additional information, and to share with a friend or caregiver you know, can be found at the Welcome Center Desk._**
